Data scientists utilize their analytical, 
statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. They then use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies.

Analysing data and checking data sets.


Used (MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL)

Experience working in Agile using Jira


Quick learner, welcomes new challenges and is not afraid to push the boundaries. 

Self-starters with the ability to work autonomously at times and as part of a team 

data visualisation and data wrangling tools (Power BI,

As a data engineer, you may have experience spanning traditional DW and ETL architectures. But for this role it is important to have industry experience working with big data ecosystems like Spark/Hadoop and Redshift. You've probably been in the industry as an engineer for 2+ years and have developed a passion for the data that drives businesses. 


Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Experience with use of relational databases, SQL (or similar language) and data mining
Knowledge of advanced statistical software packages, such as, Python, R, SPSS
Understanding of predictive/analytical modelling techniques, theories, principle and practices
Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Power BI or other data visualisation tools
Solid written and verbal communication skills
Tertiary qualification in statistics, mathematics, economics, physics, engineering, computer science or a related discipline


It has been a pleasure working with Hieu, he takes initial and has can do attitude. 
A quick learner and dedicated, hard working. has strong analytical skills especially analyse data for migration. 

A quick learner, learning and able to pick up SQL and PowerBI while on the job. 
I highly recommend Hieu as analysing data and interpreting data.  